Update MANUAL_INSTALL.md with integration test note (#7139)
openstreetmap/openstreetmap-website: doc/MANUAL_INSTALL.md

```bash
cd openstreetmap-website
bundle install

> 

Reviewer: Missing triple backtick here. (No idea how to escape it into a code suggestion).

> [NOTE]

> > On Ubuntu 26.04 the version of bundle installed is old and will not install the gems, you can

Reviewer: Typo ("bundle" vs "bundler") and order/choice of words that I think flows better (although I'm not a native speaker):

```suggestion
> On Ubuntu 26.04 the provided version of bundler is old and will not install the gems, you can
```

> upgrade with 
>
> ```bash
> sudo bundle update --bundler
> ```

> > however this will install the gems as root which may or may not be what you want.

Reviewer: There might be a better way to do this:
```
bundle config set path vendor/cache
bundle install
```
Gems will be installed on the project directory at `vendor/cache`, so this should be added to `.gitignore`.

> [!NOTE]
> The unit tests may output parser errors related to "Attribute lat redefined." These can be ignored.
>
> For the tests that use WebGL to complete successfully on an headless machine you need to start an X server rendering on the virtual framebuffer
> an easy way to do that is to use the docker entrypoint script
>
> ```bash

> > docker/entrypoint.sh bundle exec rails test:all

Reviewer: The entrypoint file is not marked executable, so at least in the environment I tried (pristine Ubuntu Desktop 26.04, arm64, bash), this won't run on its own. Instead:

```suggestion
> sh docker/entrypoint.sh bundle exec rails test:all
```
